Title: Player 2
Category: Crypto
Flag: boroCTF{controlledinputs}

Summary
This was one of my favorites this CTF, just a fun challenge to solve. This challenge consisted of figuring out the Petscop hint from Mario's movement(something I did not do), decoding the inputs using a script running OpenCV, and parsing them using the P2-to-TALK table to form an acrostic and solving the challenge.

I initially looked for clues in the video itself, maybe the text had been tampered with, or the glitches decoded a message, or maybe there was some underlying frequency that spelled a message. After downloading the video and fuzzing everything I could think of, I transitioned to the controller on the screen. Why would they put that there?

I figured that the controller inputs had to match a code or language, but I wasn't initially sure what it was. After a bit of research on how text could be encoded in inputs, I eventually landed on the Petscop P2-to-TALK system (https://petscop.fandom.com/wiki/P2_to_TALK) that could map PlayStation controller buttons into a phonetic table(I discovered after comp ended that alternatively you could've watched Mario's movement after the glitches, he spelled out Petscop). Immediately after making this discovery, I created a python script to divide up the footage into individual frames and use OpenCV to detect button presses. The script is included in the same folder. While I tried to clean it up the best that I could, the code might still need work.

After some trouble with pixel mappings and some human intervention, I had a clean enough text file containing every word detected in the video:

behind
you
of
course
right
one
check
take
it
failure

As you read, you will begin to notice an outline of an acrostic(ignoring all of the words lost/gained in translation): boroctf. Maybe this was just noise, but it was my first clue.

care
over there
no
time
receive
old
live
left
even
death
inside
next
pause
under there
thanks
stop

This block of words was a perfect acrostic, with the beginning of each word spelling out a phrase:

controlledinputs

Flag: boroCTF{controlledinputs}